Such a strong sword qi
Months without a sword
You have to choose a sword to be stronger
What do you want?
Don't come here.
This is my day
How could I lose to you?
Have you ever seen a true dragon bow down to others?
How dare you call yourself a dragon?
The eighth degree of perfection gradually failed to town Li Aoxue
Then Li Aoxue is the son of the real dragon
You were born with a vision from heaven
Blessing from Heaven
Everyone in the Lin family got bloodline burns
This is my shared experience
How could it be wrong?
Don't you forget
The Lin Yan you chose back then
They were born on the same day.
As stubborn as I am
Break through to the ninth level of the walkway
At that time, my true dragon body will definitely attract him
Heaven and Earth Predirection
You remember that the Bible is coming down
You must die
I'll be right here waiting for you to pass.
Let's see if your so-called heaven and earth vision will appear
It's too dangerous for Aoxue to do this
Mother, don't worry.
He can't hurt me
To destroy someone
The best way
Is to destroy something he is proud of
I will definitely pay for your decision